docs: add MultiCompiler API (#7436)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/api/javascript-api/compiler.mdx

    <WatchFileSystemType />
  </CollapsePanel>
</Collapse>

## MultiCompiler

> The `MultiCompiler` module allows Rspack to run multiple configurations in separate compilers. If the options parameter in the Rspack's NodeJS api is an array of options, webpack applies separate compilers and calls the callback after all compilers have been executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MultiCompiler` module allows Rspack to run multiple configurations in separate compilers. If the options parameter in the Rspack's JavaScript API is an array of options, Rspack applies separate compilers and calls the callback after all compilers have been executed.
```
